# Week 2

### What have I learnt this week?

This week be began exploring the supermarket of models and delving deeper into complex systems and many modelling. I learnt that there are many different types of 
complex systems, and this week was primarily focused on systems theory and collective behaviour. 

### What do I 'now know' that I did not before?

Based upon this week's content and learnings I have noticed many inherent issues and trends within human behaviour that I did not previously pay much attention to.
For example, I learnt about many situations in which humans do not act rationally, or other situations where you can easily predict someone's behaviour. I did not
know that you could divide up human behaviour into different models such as rational, behavioural, rule-based. The reason why I was particularly surprised by this
was becaused I had a pre-established heuristic in which I assumed that psychology was the only way to showcase and explore human behaviour. For that reason, I 
liked that you can also model human behaviour through mathematical/coding-based models and systems. I was also able to apply this information through this week's 
Discussion Board, as it allowed me to consider how the models we studied could be applied to personal situations.

### What insights have I gained?

The main insight that I gained this week, that I was extremely intrigued and surprised by was the concept of costly signalling. Those two concepts may 
have been my favourite parts of the lecture to learn about. Discrete and continuous signalling models are constant in our daily lives but I never distinctly 
considered these and was very intrigued to learn about costly signals. I especially found the 'girl in the foyer' scenario to be highly insightful as I could use
this costly signalling method in the future, when applying to jobs.

### What are (my/the) perceived strengths and weaknesses that I have observed?

A main weakness I noticed this week is my ability to be concise when working on this week's Discussion Board. I observed that I have a tendency to ramble on 
without clearly stating my point immediately, and this has made me lose marks in my Weeks 1 and 2 Discussion Boards. Now that I have noticed this weakness, I will
work towards fixing it as academic writing always requires you to be more succinct and clear.

A perceived strength that I believe I have is that while learning new concepts and gaining knowlegde, my brain is consistently applying this newly-acquired 
information to my daily life. This allows me to get a deeper, holistic understanding on content without just memorising it in a conceptual way. This perceived
skill was also quite beneficial in this week's Discussion Board.

### What were the challenges I have encountered/observed and how well (did I/my team) handle them?

This week, we formed groups for the assignments for this subject. As we would be working in these groups throughout the semester, I wanted to build strong teamwork
and get to know each of my team members well. However, I encountered an issue when I noticed that my group was acting uncooperative and any group discussion felt
uncomfortable. In order to overcome this issue, I create a group chat with each group member so that we could discuss the assignment and get to know each other 
outside of a classroom environment. I also assumed that the team members were only awkward and shy as no one knew each other yet, so I took it upon myself to 
initiate some discussion and even offered to have a group meeting sometime outside of class (whether online through Zoom or on campus). My group all agreed and
seemed to appreciate my initiating of conversations as it 'broke the ice' and most members were very cooperative after that day.

### What would I do better next time and with what anticipated results?

### What theory proved to be useful and why? What have I learnt from this?

The main theory which proved to be useful was the behavioural theory as I believe that this is the most broad theory that I can potentially apply to a variety of 
real-world situations in the future. This is because cognitive biases are predictable and I would really like to apply this knowledge while observing how people
around be act and respond to situations. 
